https://codepen.io/arepp/details/LYVGKEW


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	A way to write your HTML to reinforce the meaning of the information you have in your webpage. 

2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used as the building boxes for your webpage.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An HTML attribute is a special characteristic that can by used by your HTML tags to perform a specific task i.e. create a class, href a link, etc.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is the largest heading tag by default and it is one of the main targets for SEO.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img tag requires a src, anchor tag requires an href.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	metadata, favicons, stylesheets, cloud links, title,

7. What is an id? 
	An id specifies the single element for the purpose of being styled with CSS.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	You can add 1 element to an ID.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	Once.
 
10. What is a class? 
	a class specifies one or more elements for the purpose of being styled with CSS using the same CSS attributes. 

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any element.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	as many as you want

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	ctrl + click;

14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	alt attribute is used to describe the image if its missing or if someone is using a screen reader.

15. How do I reference an id?
	#id_name

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Div is ambiguous, section is semantic HTML

17. What is CSS used for?
	CSS is used to stylize the HTML. 
 
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Class can be used on multiple tags, an id can only be used once. Standard conventient is to use classes primarily for naming, then to use an ID if you need to overright it 

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class{}

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p{}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	its a specific selector that lets your style an element that falls within a certain element. for instance 	div > p{}
	
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	sidebar a{}
	
24. What is a pseudo selector?
	its an added selector that lets your style a certain part of that specific selector.
	
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height: ;
	
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing: ;                   	

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase;
	text-transform: lowercase or initial if you want first letter to remain capital.
	
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black;

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*{}
	
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
	
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm -rf  because its permanently deleted.

34. Why should I use version control?
	Give myself cushion in case a problem happens with my code or it I have to go back to previous version where the code isnt broken.	
 
35. How often should I commit to github?
	Quite often to keep track of your changes.
	
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	
	
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork Lambda project
	Clone project to local machine
	create branch from master
	stage changed files with add
	commit the files 
	push the files
	

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

	inline as usually text based, block elements are usually structural i.e. section, div.

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
 
	It stays at that location specified to the webpage.

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
	width: %;
 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

	Section, div, header
	p, h3
	list

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

	Box model is the margin, padding, border of a block element that essentially creates a box. The fix for box model? Possibly flexbox for ease of styling?